/*----------------------------------------*/

What is React JS?
React JS is a JavaScript library for building user interfaces
When using React JS we dont have to wait for a new page to load everytime we send a request to the server. React is also used to create single page applications. It reduces the latency of loading a new webpage everytime a request is sent

React JS make the UI feel like a mobile application because it is reactive and can react smoothly with transitions almost imediatly when evere a user performs an action 

React has this behaviour because it is built on top of JS and JS has access to tge DOM and we can run logics inside the browser using JS. This way we can change what the user sees and when.

/*----------------------------------------*/

If we have JS why use React?
When we write Code to display something on the screen using only JS we have to take an imperial approch which means to write every single step to something on the frontend. For example if we have div and we want to dynamically add some content, first we have to create the element than setting its class, setting the text content and, even if something happens on the button we have to set than as well. Now, imagine we have to do it for 100 elements it does not make sense to take this approch. So here we use React that will divide oue applications's interface into small components that React will render and put everything together.

/*----------------------------------------*/
Building Single Page Applications with React
We can use react to build single page applictions or we can use react on a certain part of the page. We can use react as a widget to built a part of the page or we can ues react to built the complete page

It is more common to build the entire pages with react so we can control everything we see on the screen. We can keep the page same and do all the interactivity on one page or we can switch the page as well using react but in react when changing a page we donot request a new page from a server, instead we use JS through react to change what is visible on the screen
